c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.dll.config
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.pdb
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.dll
c:\users\michał\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaliczenie\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.pdb
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.dll.config
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.pdb
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\WebGrease.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.dll
H:\ORW6\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.pdb
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.dll.config
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Zaliczenie.pdb
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.dll
C:\Users\akiel\Desktop\zacnyyyyy\ORW6\Zaliczenie\obj\Debug\Zaliczenie.pdb
